This file contains a list of changes and additions to the API/ABI that
might affect cross-OS compatibility or otherwise impact OS
implementations, in particular any changes to hypervisor interfaces and
the inter-domain protocols. When making such a change you are expected
to add it here (bonus points for a link to fuller documentation). New
entries should be part of the patch making the change (so the history of
this file will give the relevant changeset), added to the top of the
file, and in a format like:

2008-01-08 Add ChangeLog file

Add a ChangeLog file indicating changes to the API/ABI, as discussed
here:
http://lists.xensource.com/archives/html/xen-devel/2008-01/msg00010.html

Xen 3.2 release
---------------

16592: XEN_DOMCTL_test_assign_device
http://xenbits.xensource.com/xen-unstable.hg?rev/ef83b50fc4a4

Test VT-d device assignability in xend. If VT-d is not enabled, or the
device is not exist, or the device has already been assigned to other
domain, it fails and quits the domain creation.

16549: GNTST_address_too_big
http://xenbits.xensource.com/xen-unstable.hg?rev/baf90ee3c1da 

32-on-64 related additional error return.

16512: XEN_DOMCTL_set_opt_feature
http://xenbits.xensource.com/xen-unstable.hg?rev/1de4e5056394

Allows the domain builder to set optimization features for a guest. This
is currently only used by the IA64 domain builder to identify identity
mapped regions based on the guest_os_type specified in the domain config
file. Other architectures may extend this domctl to enable features
specific to their architecture.

16504: flush cache disk op
http://xenbits.xensource.com/xen-unstable.hg?rev/ebfb3b26010d 

Adds a BLKIF_OP_FLUSH_DISKCACHE request. The backend is expected to ask
underlying storage to flush its cache upon receiving this request.
Backend advertises availability via 'feature-flush-cache' xenstore node.
Needed for correct behaviour of disk-cache-aware filesystems such as
ZFS.

16425: multicast notifications
http://xenbits.xensource.com/xen-unstable.hg?rev/d3041196ae69 

Adds XEN_NETIF_EXTRA_TYPE_MCAST_ADD and XEN_NETIF_EXTRA_TYPE_MCAST_DEL
operations to the networking driver, which it uses to request multicast
addresses it's interested in. Available if the backend has
'feature-multicast-control', requested by the frontend with
'request-multicast-control'. Used by Solaris: this avoids having to
always put the backend's underlying networking device into promiscuous
mode.

16402: gnttab page attributes
http://xenbits.xensource.com/xen-unstable.hg?rev/2e5d922b7ee3 

Adds new grant tab flags for table entries. 

Older changes are not recorded further.
